a b2b platform where:

A- every one can select a guild from guild list and visit a free product list of that guild(not the seller info and only products).

B- other stuff is accessible upon registration:
	B1- User First select a guild from list(the guild list is starting with one guild and more guild will be added later)
	B2- User enters a valid phone number and receives a verification code to continue (via Iran mobile operators)
	B3- User selects his/her role as a Seller, Buyer or both.
	B4- User can add a password for his/her account optionally (forget password via sms verification)
	B4- Sellers/Buyers most Provide:
		B4-0- Mobile number (provided before) / Optional password(if provided before)
		B4-1- Full name
		B4-2- optional-ID number
		B4-3- optional-business name
		B4-4- optional-business phone number(up to 4 different phone numbers)
		B4-5- optional-business address(up to 3 different addresses)
		B4-6- optional-email
		B4-7- optional-website
		B4-8- optional-telegram id
		B4-9- optional-whatsapp id
		B4-10- optional-business photo
		B4-11- optional-banner photo
		B4-12- optional bank account number(up to 3 different account numbers)
		B4-13- other stuff will be added if necessary...
C- Sellers/Buyers have a in-app wallet that can be charged with both fiat(via Iran's online bank payment-hubs) and later crypto will be added.
	C1- App will be free at first and then payments will come:
		C1-1- Everything in app can be purchased via in-app wallet or direct online payment(a minimum price will be set)
		C1-2- After free faze there will be limitation for unpaid users (limitations will be manageable later)
	C2- Sellers/Buyers can have monthly/yearly subscription plans (bronze - silver - gold) with different benefits.
	C3- sellers can pay for advertisements
		c3-1- advertisements type are:
			- Inside advertisements section(which has tops adds and normal adds)
			- Send to buyers via sms panel(buyers will ne asked to receive via sms or not) or in app pop-up banners and email.
	C4- buyers can pay for advertisement of their requests
		c4-1- advertisements type are:
			- Inside requests section(which has tops adds and normal adds)
			- Send to sellers via sms panel(sellers will ne asked to receive via sms or not) or in app pop-up banners and email.
D- Sellers/Buyers have a dashboard to edit their info and manage their in app-wallet.
E- Sellers have a Virtual store front where they can add their price lists and goods pictures and info (according to limitations).
F- Buyers have a request list section that they can edit their requests (according to limitations).
G- buyers can rate and review sellers:
	G1- Sellers will be awarded or punished accordingly
	G2- Top sellers will be announced
